User Role- Presidential Candidate (Hadi) 


User Story 1:
As a presidential candidate, I want to analyze the states' positions on vaccine mandates based on the number of vaccinations and COVID cases to understand which states align with my party's view.

Acceptance Criteria:
The system should provide a report on the number of vaccinations in each state so we can tell which states were pro or against vaccination.

Acceptance Tests:
Test_1: When clicking on a state, it shows the number of vaccinations and it can show a preferred color that can represent the state being for or against vaccination 
Test_2: When clicking on the map, data such as the ratio of the vaccinated population to the whole population of that state should be displayed. 


User Story 2:
As a presidential candidate, I want to assess how different states managed the pandemic by analyzing the number of vaccinations and COVID cases and utilize this information for future campaigns.

Acceptance Criteria:
The system should offer a comprehensive analysis of each state's pandemic response, integrating data on the number of vaccinations, COVID cases, and mortality numbers.

Acceptance Tests: 
Test_1: Search a state and you should see the data on the number of cases as well as mortality and vaccinations. 
Test_2: When clicking on a state, there should be different colors describing how good or bad the handling of the pandemic was in each state, meaning if the number of mortality is higher than let’s say 10,000, the state should be a red color indicating the handling of the pandemic is terrible in that state. 


User Story 3:
As a presidential candidate, I want to learn more about the effectiveness of the vaccines through which states have fewer positive cases. 

Acceptance Criteria:
The system should present data on vaccine effectiveness by providing the ratio of vaccinations to cases. 

Acceptance Tests:
Test_1: You can search the state by name and you should be provided with data on the number of cases and the number of vaccines over time and see if the vaccines helped with decreasing the number of cases that tested positive for COVID-19. 
Test_2: Clicked on the map for vaccine effectiveness and each state on that map should have a ratio of how much COVID-19 cases have dropped or increased in relation to vaccination over time. 
